Chapter 1: Owl Post
"Harry scanned the moving photograph, and a grin spread across his face as he saw all nine of
the Weasleys waving furiously at him...Right in the middle of the picture was Ron, tall and
gangling, with his pet rat, Scabbers, on his shoulder..." - Harry seeing the photography of the
Weasleys in Egypt. 08/19/1980
Harry Potter spends another summer holiday with the Dursleys in mid-1993, and things haven't
been that easy for him. Over the summer, the Dursleys have forbidden him to talk to any of the
neighbours out of fear of him exposing his magical abilities. The separation from his magical
supplies (e.g. his wand, his broomstick, spellbooks, etc.) have become a real problem for Harry,
too, because his teachers at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry have given him a lot
of summer homework. He has seized the opportunity to start it a week after his arrival home by
sneaking some of his books upstairs and hiding them in his room while Aunt Petunia and
Dudley go out to admire Uncle Vernon's new company car. None of the Dursleys have noticed
him studying magic every night since then, and Harry has been very careful to avoid trouble with
them, for his aunt and uncle have already been in a bad mood with him due to a telephone call
they got from their nephew's best friend at Hogwarts, Ron Weasley, about which Vernon has
furiously confronted him, even though Harry doesn't know how Ron got their home number. The
incident must have simply made Ron warn their other friend Hermione Granger not to call, as
Harry received no word from them afterwards. The only improvement in his relationship to the
Dursleys that gets changed is that they have given him permission to let his pet snowy owl
Hedwig out at night with a promise not to use her to send letter to Ron or Hermione, since Uncle
Vernon couldn't take the screeching racket she makes while bored if she gets locked in her
cage all the time.
On 31 July (Harry's thirteenth birthday), after midnight, Harry receives gifts and letters from Ron,
Hermione, and Rubeus Hagrid, each wishing him a happy birthday and sending him a gift.
According to Ron, his dad, Arthur Weasley, won a Daily Prophet Prize Draw for seven hundred
galleons and has used it to take the family to Egypt to visit his eldest son, Bill, with the
remainder being used to provide Ron with a new wand to replace the one that was broken last
year. Harry also learns that Percy Weasley is entering his seventh year at Hogwarts and has
been named Head Boy. According to Hermione, she and her parents are currently spending the
holiday in France. Also, both Ron and Hermione mention in their letters they will be in London
on the last week before term to pick up their school supplies and want Harry to join them. Hagrid
hints in his letter the book he sent Harry will come in handy next term but he wants the reason
for it to be a surprise until the term starts. Another letter from Professor Minerva McGonagall
arrives, saying that third years are allowed to visit 02/01/2020 the village of Hogsmeade and
that their guardian needs to sign the permission form in order for them to do so.
https://www.apa.org/

Chapter 2: Aunt Marge's Big Mistake
"Bad blood will out. Now, I'm saying nothing against your family, Petunia, but your sister was a
bad egg. They turn up in the best families. Then she ran off with a wastrel and here's the result
right in front of us." - Marjorie Dursley, about Lily Potter When Harry awakes the next morning,
he goes downstairs hoping to watch TV. Unfortunately for him, he finds his Uncle Vernon and
Dudley already watching the news and sits down with them unnoticed as the channel's
anchorman is halfway through the report on word from the Muggle Prime Minister out on the
London streets of an escaped convict, Sirius Black, who Uncle Vernon comments looks like he
came from an asylum rather than a prison. This is obviously because the mental state of Black's
gaunt face and elbow-length hair is almost like comparing him to Harry, who luckily feels well
groomed. The reporter then transitions to his report on the Ministry of Agriculture 09-30-2017
and Fisheries' announcement without implying beforehand which prison or asylum Black has
escaped from, much to Uncle Vernon's confusion.
Nonetheless, Vernon announces to the family that his sister, Marjorie "Marge" Dursley, is
coming to visit for a week. Harry agrees to behave normally during her visit, if his uncle will sign

his permission form and has to send Hedwig to the Weasleys for the week due to Marge not
knowing that Harry is a wizard. On the final night, when she calls his father, James Potter, a
lazy good for nothing drunk, Harry loses his temper and accidentally inflates her. She explodes
and Harry decides to take his school things and run away, fearing he will almost certainly be
expelled from Hogwarts, after using magic outside school.
https://www.regexr.com/39c7p
Chapter 3: The Knight Bus
"Anyway, they cornered Black in the middle of a street full of Muggles an' Black took out 'is
wand and 'e blasted 'alf the street apart, an' a wizard got it, an' so did a dozen Muggles what got
in the way" - Stan Shunpike telling Harry about Sirius Black
https://www.harrypotter.fandom.com/wiki/House-elf
He reaches Magnolia Crescent and sees a black dog staring at him. In his shock, Harry falls
and the Knight Bus, a triple-decker bus designed for wizard transportation, arrives. The dog
vanishes and is nowhere in sight. Harry meets the 04-32-2021 Knight Bus's conductor, Stan
Shunpike and the driver, Ernie Prang. Harry departs on the Knight Bus to the Leaky Cauldron in
London. He learns from the Daily Prophet, Sirius Black, the same convict and a follower of Lord
Voldemort, broke out of Azkaban, the first person to ever do so. Sirius was imprisoned for
murdering thirteen people with a single curse in 1981, right after the Potters' murder. At the
Leaky Cauldron, he meets the Minister for Magic, Cornelius Fudge, in person, though Harry has
to pretend that he doesn't know him since Harry and Ron were technically breaking school rules
during their previous school year 05-05-1994 when they saw him in Hagrid's Hut. After
explaining that Marge has been restored to normal and her memory modified, to Harry's
surprise, Fudge doesn't take any action against him stating that accidental uses of magic don't
count as violations of the Decree for the Reasonable Restriction of Underage Sorcery. Fudge
books a room for Harry, where he will stay for the rest of the summer, but refuses to sign Harry's
Hogsmeade permission slip.
harrypotter.fandom.com/wiki
Chapter 4: The Leaky Cauldron
"Are you planning to eat or sleep at all this year, Hermione?" - Harry referring to Hermione's
number of classes https://www.researchpy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/install.html
Harry spends the rest of the holidays 07/22/1995 in Diagon Alley, purchasing his school things
and making sure not to make any unnecessary purchases. On the last day of the holidays,
Harry meets up with Ron, Hermione and the rest of the Weasleys who are also staying at the
Leaky Cauldron. When Hermione decides to spend her birthday money on a magical pet, to
Ron's displeasure, Hermione purchases a cat named Crookshanks, who harasses Ron's pet rat
Scabbers. At some point during the night, Harry overhears a conversation between Ron's
parents, Arthur and Molly Weasley. From 03/42/2021 what he hears, he learns that when
Voldemort met his downfall, Black lost everything, and is now trying to kill Harry. Harry realises
that Fudge let him off because he was relieved to find Harry alive. He is unconcerned about
Black, doubting that the escapee could harm him at Hogwarts, with headmaster Albus
Dumbledore around.
https://www.harrypotter.com/wiki/30_May
Chapter 5: The Dementor
"I felt weird, like I'd never be cheerful again..." - Ron, about the dementor
The next day, shortly before he boards the Hogwarts Express, Arthur tried to warn him about
Black and makes him promise not to go looking for Black no matter what he hears. Harry tells
him that he already knows because he heard Mr and Mrs Weasley talking about it earlier. Harry
is also confused and asks why he would go looking for somebody who wanted to kill him. On
the train, Harry, Ron, and Hermione share a compartment with Professor Remus Lupin, the new
Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher. After several hours, the train stops and a sinister,
cloaked figure enters. It sucks the happiness out of Harry, who faints. The creature then
approaches Harry, possibly to kiss him, until Lupin drives it off with a spell.

http://www.googlemap.com
After Harry recovers, Lupin hands him and the others some chocolate and explains that the
creature was a Dementor, one of the Azkaban Guards, and that they were searching the train
for Sirius Black. At Hogwarts, Draco Malfoy taunts Harry over his reaction to the Dementor.
After getting inside, Professor McGonagall calls Harry and Hermione to her and takes them to
her office. Once there, McGonagall reveals that Lupin had informed her by Owl Post of Harry's
adverse reaction to the Dementor and wants him looked at by Madam Pomfrey to see if he's ill.
The matron confirms that he's fine. After McGonagall's business with Hermione is concluded,
they return to the Great Hall to find that they missed the sorting ceremony. Dumbledore
announces the two changes in staffing during the year: Lupin, and Hagrid, who has been made
the Care of Magical Creatures teacher due to the retirement of Professor Kettleburn.
Dumbledore also announces that Dementors are to be stationed around the school as a
precaution against Black. http://www.runestone.com/runestone/default/user/login?
_next=/runestone/default/index

Chapter 6: Talons and Tea Leaves
"Then you should know, Potter, that Sybill Trelawney has predicted the death of one student a
year since she arrived at this school. None of them has died yet. Seeing death omens is her
favourite way of greeting a new class." - Professor McGonagall, about Trelawney's predictions.
https://www. harrypotter.fandom.com/wiki/8_May
